You won't go to his company to wait for him today.
Not going.
I'm so tired and I can't wait for anyone every time I go.
How dare the damn assistant lie to me
Konoshi understands
Mr. Chen
You've been waiting for a long time. What's the matter?
Ah, it's nothing, I'll come out and get some air
You should be busy first, okay?
Go, Mr. Chen, go, that's right
The uncle who cleaned the toilet didn't come today
Go and cover for him
Why don't you go?
I'm on my way.
also right
That big pig hoof wasted your kindness
But it doesn't matter.
Wan Group is about to have a problem
When Chen Junnan goes bankrupt, I'll see how he bullies you
What do you mean?
Very relieved, right?
Chen Xunan is about to go bankrupt
Are you very relieved? What did you say?
According to my lucky physique
Chen Xunan's company invested in an overseas project
The project immediately encountered a sliding iron furnace
Then what? Are you going to help him?
Can't you just watch death?
Nothing.
I just want him to get all the funds back quickly
Otherwise, the Wan Group will usher in the history of history
The greatest financial crisis
No entry without an appointment
Please help me inform
I'm looking for Chen Xunan in a hurry
Do you think any cat or dog can meet?
Asahi's?
Sunan doesn't mind if you stay for so long
He will never see again
But I'm looking for him urgently
Boom out, Xu Nan doesn't want to see this woman
Please leave.